fix: transition better into distraction (#28)
Nathen-Smith/blog: posts/peace.md

Ravikant is referring to the state of peace: “When I say you want to be happy, what I’m actually saying is you want to find peace. We say peace of mind, but what we really want is peace from mind". The one similarity between the monk and the addict is that they both spend their day trying to attain the state of peace: through meditating and oblivion, respectively. The difference though, is that [meditation](https://twitter.com/naval/status/1261481222359801856), in addition to listening to the inner voice, clears clutter in the mind—oblivion merely suppresses. Like cleaning, meditating is harder the more clutter there is in your mind–do you think the addict will find meditating easy? To one who has never tried meditation or meditation-like activities, their subconscious likely has a long queue of emotions and thoughts needing processing. A key distinction to be made, as detailed in Ravikant's guide to meditation linked above, is that the point of meditation is not to become a meditator, but rather provide fasting your mind. As peace is the art of doing nothing, it is hard to pursue it. Nonetheless, it is all the more important in a time where mental gluttony is widespread.

> Unfortunately for many, meditation and listening to the inner voice will be challenging. Doing either of these will feel like running into a highway of ideas, zooming too fast for us to grasp. And when we hold onto an idea, we spiral out of control. There are many reasons for this: one is that we, as a society, are listening less, as in _truly_ listening. People are so eager to interrupt each other; people like to classify and misunderstand; people often miss the point of why you tell them something so you stop listening in return. While the invaluable art of listening and how to become a better listener is detailed in _You're not Listening_ by Kate Murphy, I wanted to highlight another reason why we are losing our attention span. As coined by Murphy, it is the modern addiction of distraction.

Author: ```suggestion
Unfortunately for many, meditation and listening to the inner voice will be challenging. Doing either of these will feel like running into a highway of ideas, zooming too fast for us to grasp. And when we hold onto an idea, we spiral out of control. There are many reasons for this; one is that we, as a society, are listening less—as in _truly_ listening. People are so eager to interrupt each other; people like to classify and misunderstand; people often miss the point of why you tell them something, so you stop listening in return. While the invaluable art of listening and how to become a better listener is detailed in _You're not Listening_ by Kate Murphy, I wanted to highlight why we are losing our attention span. As argued by Murphy, the modern addiction is distraction.
```
